+++
title = "It's Alive!"
date = "2019-12-23"
cover = "img/2020-01-25-its-alive.jpg"
description = "Does the world need another blog? An overview on what this blog is all about."
+++

```python
> print("Hello, awesome human being!");
Hello, awesome human being!
```

It's a mystery on how you found your way here, but welcome to my blog!

My first post will be a short one. I simply want to express the reasons why I finally decided to create one and to let you know what to expect from me in the future.

## Motivations

### Improve my writing skills

Writing blogs should be similar to writing clean code, right?

You have concepts and principles that will guide you on your writing such as:

- Focus on readability
- Mean what you say, say what you mean.
- You ain't gonna need it (YAGNI)
- Keep It Simple, Stupid (KISS)

Similar to how coding improves your coding skills, the best way to improve your writing skills is to write.

### Become a Senior Engineer

_/slight sarcasm_

I know this doesn't entirely make sense, but apparently there are job descriptions for Senior Security Engineer position that looks for `"Contribution to the security community"`.

Writing blogs seems to be a rite of passage to claim this position in the future.

### Giving back

Since I first wrote my Hello World program back in 2010, I have consistently been using StackOverflow and other people's blogs as reference. I consider this as another opportunity to give back to the community.

## What to expect

My blog will cover topics about Software Engineering, Information Security, or Site Reliability Engineering.

The reason is that the work I usually do as a Security Engineer for the Platform Team @ Lendi.com generally fall into at least one of those three areas.

Lastly, I hope you find value on the things I write.
